#Login Page
The login page requires you to fill in the username and password fields before the login button will take you to the home page of the app.
Note: At this point, you can type in anything you want for the username and password field, there are no specific accounts.

#Status Page
This is the landing/home page. On this page there is a slider with a submit button allowing the user to enter what they feel best describes the
status of their mental health for the day. Once a user submits a status, the slider and submit button will be disabled, and a thank you message
will be displayed. As well, the status that was submitted will appear in the column chart under the correct day. This chart shows all the users 
status values for the current week, with a week beginning on Monday and ending on Sunday. The reamining values for the days that have past during 
the week are hard coded, meaning they were pre-set in my code to be as follows: monday - 6, tuesday - 10, wednesday - 9, thursday - 9, friday - 10, 
saturday - 8, and sunday - 10. 
Note: The value the user submits is stored using sessionStorage. This will keep the users submitted value until the status app is opened in a new tab.
This means that, within the current tab, you can switch pages and logout while the submitted value will be saved and displayed on the status page.
The only way to reset this status, and go back to the user being able to submit a value for today is to open the status app in a new tab.

#Connect Page
This page displays 3 connections to the user, all with made up data. Clicking on the red or green arrow beside the names will expand the connections
details, showing you their contact information. As well, in this expanded view there is a text entry box for submitting meeting notes. At this point
in time, submitting the notes does nothing.

#Resources Page
Using a similar structure to the connections page, there is a list of mental health resources. Clicking the green arrow beside the name of the
resource will expand the panel showing you any necessary details and contact information.

#Other General Notes
At the bottom of every page is a navigation menu resembling what you would find on a mobile/tablet app. Clicking on the different options are how
you can navigate between the pages.
As well, beside the logo "Status" at the top of each of the pages, there is a small logout button that will return you to the login page.